Document radio/checkbox groups and checkbox components (#485)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/components.mdx

}
```

### Radio Group

> Radio Group is an interactive component that allows users to select single option from developer-defined set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio Group is an interactive component for selecting exactly one option from a defined list.
```

Radio Groups can only be used within modals and must be placed inside a [Label](#label).

###### Radio Group Structure

| Field           | Type                                                              | Description                                                         |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| type            | integer                                                           | Always [`RADIO_GROUP`](#component-type)                             |
| id?             | integer                                                           | An optional identifier for the component                            |
| custom_id       | string                                                            | Developer-defined identifier for the radio group (1-100 characters) |

> | options         | array[[radio group option](#radio-group-option-structure) object] | Specified choices in a radio group (min 2, max 10)                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| options         | array[[radio group option](#radio-group-option-structure) object] | Options to render (min 2, max 10)                  |
```

### Checkbox Group

Checkbox Group is an interactive component that allows users to select multiple options from developer-defined set.

Checkbox Groups can only be used within modals and must be placed inside a [Label](#label).

###### Checkbox Group Structure

| Field           | Type                                                                    | Description                                                            |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| type            | integer                                                                 | Always [`CHECKBOX_GROUP`](#component-type)                             |
| id?             | integer                                                                 | An optional identifier for the component                               |
| custom_id       | string                                                                  | Developer-defined identifier for the checkbox group (1-100 characters) |

> | options         | array[[checkbox group option](#checkbox-group-option-structure) object] | Specified choices in a checkbox group (min 2, max 10)                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| options         | array[[checkbox group option](#checkbox-group-option-structure) object] | Options to render (min 2, max 10)                  |
```

| min_values?     | integer                                                                 | Minimum number of boxes that must be checked (max 10, default 1)       |

> | max_values?     | integer                                                                 | Minimum number of boxes that can be checked (1-10)                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| max_values?     | integer                                                                 | Maximum number of boxes that can be checked (1-10)                     |
```

> | required?       | boolean                                                                 | Whether the user must select an option (default false)                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| required?       | boolean                                                                 | Whether the user must select an option (default true)                 |
```
